Introduce Architecture -> Modern and reorganize docs about controllers (#985)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/architecture/modern/controller-routing.md

{{% /notice %}}

Regarding the rendering of a Response, there is some data specific to PrestaShop (in Back Office) that we must set for every action:

| Attribute                   |  Type                          |  Description                                            |
|-----------------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| `layoutHeaderToolbarBtn`    | [['href', 'des','icon'], ...]  | Set buttons in toolbar on top of the page               |
| `layoutTitle`               | string                         | Main title of the page                                  |
| `requireAddonsSearch`       | boolean                        | If *true*, display addons recommendations button        |
| `requireBulkActions`        | boolean                        | If *true*, display bulk actions button                  |
| `showContentHeader`         | boolean                        | If *true*, display the page header                      |

> | `enableSidebar`             | boolean                        | If *true*, display a sidebar                            |

Reviewer: Do we know if this sidebar is the left sidebar that contains the menu navbar ; or if this sidebar is the right sidebar that opens when we click `Help` button, or something else?

{{% notice info %}}
PrestaShop uses YAML files for service declaration and routing (NOT ANNOTATIONS).
{{% /notice %}}

Routes are declared in `src/PrestaShopBundle/Resources/config/admin` folder, following the menu organization.

The routing is organized as follows:

```
.
├── admin
│   ├── _common.yml
│   ├── configure
│   │   ├── advanced_parameters
│   │   ├── _configure.yml
│   │   └── shop_parameters
│   ├── improve
│   │   ├── design
│   │   ├── _improve.yml
│   │   ├── international
│   │   ├── modules
│   │   ├── payment
│   │   └── shipping
│   ├── _security.yml
│   └── sell
│       ├── catalog
│       ├── orders
│       ├── _sell.yml
│       └── stocks.yml
├── admin.yml
├── api
│   ├── attributes.yml
│   ├── categories.yml
│   ├── features.yml
│   ├── i18n.yml
│   ├── improve
│   │   └── design
│   ├── manufacturers.yml
│   ├── stock_movements.yml
│   ├── stocks.yml
│   ├── suppliers.yml
│   └── translations.yml
└── api.yml
```

Property `_legacy_controller` contains the old name of the related controller. The `_legacy_link` keeps a link between legacy urls and new ones (when going to a page using old link it will redirect to the new one instead).

{{% notice tip %}}

> Property `_legacy_controller` is used to handle [Security Restrictions](#security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Property `_legacy_controller` allows to map a Symfony controller name to a legacy controller name. Many components in PrestaShop rely on a legacy controller name. Examples: [security Restrictions](#security), menu items management, or the collapsable help right sidebar.
```

├── admin.yml
├── api
│   ├── attributes.yml
│   ├── categories.yml
│   ├── features.yml
│   ├── i18n.yml
│   ├── improve
│   │   └── design
│   ├── manufacturers.yml
│   ├── stock_movements.yml
│   ├── stocks.yml
│   ├── suppliers.yml
│   └── translations.yml
└── api.yml
```

Property `_legacy_controller` contains the old name of the related controller. The `_legacy_link` keeps a link between legacy urls and new ones (when going to a page using old link it will redirect to the new one instead).

{{% notice tip %}}
Property `_legacy_controller` is used to handle [Security Restrictions](#security).
{{% /notice %}}

For example, this is how the "Configure > Advanced Parameters -> System Information" page route configuration looks like:

```yaml
admin_system_information:
    path: system_information
    methods: [GET]
    defaults:
        _controller: 'PrestaShopBundle\Controller\Admin\AdvancedParameters\SystemInformationController::indexAction'
        _legacy_controller: AdminInformation
        _legacy_link: AdminInformation
```

{{% notice info %}}
PrestaShop uses YAML files for service declaration and routing, please don't use annotations for that!
{{% /notice %}}

> ## Link generation

Reviewer: > up until this point I've modified wording abit so it doesnt mention "migration" 

You're right
